doc/nrf/changelog-known_issues: added records on NCSDK-33173 (#22483)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: doc/nrf/releases_and_maturity/releases/release-notes-changelog.rst

The following list summarizes both the main changes inherited from upstream MCUboot and the main changes applied to the |NCS| specific additions:

> * Fixed an issues related to referencing arm-vector table of the application which causes jumping to wrong address instead of the application reset vector for some builds when zephyr LTO (linking time optimization) was enabled.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Fixed an issue related to referencing the arm-vector table of the application, which causes jumping to wrong address instead of the application reset vector for some builds when zephyr LTO (Link Time Optimization) was enabled.
```

Reviewer: https://developer.arm.com/documentation/den0042/a/Exceptions-and-Interrupts/Exception-priorities/The-Vector-table
